Grandpa, you're awake
Master, you are all right
I feel now
refreshed
You have so much strength.
This is the head.
It kind of hurts, thanks to the bridge.
Put it down now
Right, right, right, put the bridge down, hum.
Kindly save you but be a donkey liver and lung
I almost lost my life
The old man misunderstood you.
I didn't expect my finger wrench
Is he guilty of something?
Almost killed the old man
Grandpa is my fault
I'm not good at learning
I can't see that there is something wrong with this class paper.
Almost killed grandpa
It's not your fault.
I didn't see it either.
Because of the bridge.
We should thank him very much.
Iron pool
What about this quack doctor?
Hahaha, not very good at learning.
How dare you come out to see the old man?
Beat him up
Blow me out
I'm going back.
No, I'm not.
Bridge, you saved the old man
If you have any requirements, just mention it.
I promise
I don't ask for anything.
It's just the lack of money.
Recently opened a store
Hey, I'm short of money.
Oh this is easy
The issue of funding
As many as you want.
But
The old man wants to
My granddaughter is getting bigger.
I want to entrust him to you
What do you think?
This Heavenly Master, this grandfather
How is this kid worthy of me?